DOC Document new CMSEditLink extension. (#85)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/4.12.0.md

[ModelAdmin](api:SilverStripe\Admin\ModelAdmin) has some new methods to make it easier to work with:

- [getCMSEditLinkForManagedDataObject()](api:SilverStripe\Admin\ModelAdmin::getCMSEditLinkForManagedDataObject()) returns a link to the edit form for the object passed in, assuming it's managed by this `ModelAdmin`.
- [getLinkForModelClass()](api:SilverStripe\Admin\ModelAdmin::getLinkForModelClass()) returns a link to the tab for a specific class in the `ModelAdmin` - useful as a base for links to specific actions.
- [getLinkForModelTab()](api:SilverStripe\Admin\ModelAdmin::getLinkForModelTab()) similar to `getLinkForModelClass()`, except you pass in a specific model tab you want a link to. This is useful if your `ModelAdmin` has multiple tabs for managing a single class.
- [isManagedModel](api:SilverStripe\Admin\ModelAdmin::isManagedModel()) returns `true` if the class or model tab passed in is managed by this `ModelAdmin`.
EditForm

### New `CMSEditLinkExtension`

> The silverstripe/admin module has a new [CMSEditLinkExtension](api:SilverStripe\Admin\CMSEditLinkExtension) which makes it trivial to generate an edit link for any `DataObject` even in nested `GridField` setups. This is useful, for example, when [making a previewable `DataObject`](/developer_guides/customising_the_admin_interface/preview/) or as links in reminder emails for stale content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `silverstripe/admin module` has a new [CMSEditLinkExtension](api:SilverStripe\Admin\CMSEditLinkExtension) which is used to generate CMS edit links for `DataObject`s, including those in nested `GridField` setups.

This allows you to share DataObject edit links directly with others. This extension is also used to facilitate CMS preview of DataObjects
```

Reviewer 2: Done
